### gemini
#### Source code: BSD 2-clause License

Copyright (c) 2012-, Adam Petrone
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



### Third-party assets

#### Nokia Cellphone FC

This is a free font/file, distribute as you wish to who you wish. Do NOT sell
this font within a CD or any other media; it's not yours and you can't make
money of it. You'd rather ask me first via email, I may probably let you do it
as long as it's for a good cause.

I don't know if the original Nokia font has some copyright which prevents
people from making new fonts based on it. I hope not. Anyways, buy a Nokia,
and I think everything's gonna be alright.

Special thanks on this version go out to Carlos BÍla (www.goldenshower.gs) and
Diogo Kalil (www.sincolor.com.br) for helping me out with the Mac version of
the font. It has been extensively tested to ensure it's as smooth (hint,
kerning, spacing and aliasing-wise) as the pc one is.

This font was done by Zeh Fernando on Fontlab 4 (www.fontlab.com) on a PC.

Zeh Fernando
zeh@fatorcaos.com.br
www.fatorcaos.com.br


### murmur3

Murmur3 is in the public domain. Murmur3 was created by Austin Appleby, and the C port and general tidying up was done by Peter Scott.


## The tools make use of one or more of the following third-party software libraries:

### Autodesk FBX

This software contains Autodesk® FBX® code developed by Autodesk, Inc. Copyright 2008 Autodesk, Inc. All rights, reserved. Such code is provided "as is" and Autodesk, Inc. disclaims any and all warranties, whether express or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of third party rights. In no event shall Autodesk, Inc. be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of such code.

### Qt-5
See LICENSE-Qt for a copy of LGPLv2.1.
The Qt-5 source can be downloaded by following this link: http://qt-project.org/wiki/Get_The_Source
